[
"Excellent product. Have been using Apple for 8 years now.  Amazon Review- Don’t buy from Amazon Wanted to write down as I regretted every second of this purchasing experience. Pathetic delivery experience. Amazon took orders more that they could handle and the delivery associates cannot keep up. The system needs more transparency. If it was going to take time that could be mentioned and particular slot of 3-4 hours could be given instead of wasting 2 full days of my time. The whole system is either designed in a stupid way, or a fraudulent way, but not both.  A product worth 70k was roaring on the streets and no one knew where. Customer support telling it’s with delivery associate, delivery associates telling they have not been assigned this consignment. Customer support just keeping the calls on indefinite hold as they had no other answers."'
"Packaging from amazon not upto the mark. Flipkart does extra packaging to protect the product for rs 50-60 extra. This iphone was sent from amazon like a normal parcel, no bubble wrap even.  If you like a bigger phone please buy iPhone 14plus. Iphone 14 regular one is small and handy 6.1 inches. Battery backup is amazing and also charging is fast. The last time i used iPhone was iphone 6 which had very bad battery backup and also slow charging. Also iphone 13 and 14 are not same. 14 has more ram, better battery backup and 4k video recording which 13 does not have. So 14 would be a better buy Also you will get one year more of updates. I got this phone in sale for 66k on march 2023. Can be more cheaper during September-october."'
"Pros:    Good Looking (4/5): The Blue color variant adds to the aesthetic appeal, making the iPhone 14 an eye-catching device.    Better than iPhone 12 (4/5): The iPhone 14 exhibits improvements over the iPhone 12, contributing to an enhanced user experience.    Good Camera (4/5): The camera performance is commendable, capturing high-quality images and enhancing the overall photography experience.  In summary, the Apple iPhone 14 in Blue is a solid choice, offering a sleek design, improved features compared to the iPhone 12, and a reliable camera for capturing memorable moments."'
"Always feels good to hold this masterpiece. This looks premium not just because of its branding, it has everything which makes it feel premium. However, despite all the looks and finish, the transition from Android to Apple is not very smooth and you may constantly lack certain features that can make life easy.  Overall good performance🔥 Great camera quality 🌆 Fast A15 Bionic performance ⚡ Impressive Action mode video 🎥⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀"'
"All is good. Generally better than android. If you’re thinking iPhone applications don’t crash then you’re wrong. They crash all the time in the background. Only phone is fast enough to load them back quickly. You will notice only if you’rea heavy user. Screen is prone to scratches as it’s softer than gorilla glass. Get a good tempered glass protector and a strong case to protect your most expensive purchase"'
"It’s a 6.1 inch phone very convenient to hold on and I switched from android to Apple , found it convenient except for the fact could not transfer WhatsApp chats to it via the move to iOS app. Some error occurred , apart from that all good",
"It's a brand new iPhone and when I connect it to usb cable which comes in the box for charging, it does not charge at all. At once, I tght phone has hardware issues as I also updated it to the latest software version. As I bought it yesterday only, when I tried to replace it on Amazon, it's giving apple service center info instead of replacement option. I finally ordered a magsafe cable along with Amazon basics cable to cross check if the fault lies in the original cable. Today I received both magsafe and Amazon basics cable and thankfully both worked properly. It's such a shame for a brand like Apple, they don't do a proper testing before packing a faulty cable. After all, we as a customer pay almost 75k for this expensive phone and least we expect that we get a working product. I will visit apple service center next weekend and hopefully they replace the original cable",
"I upgraded from iPhone 11 to iPhone 14. In simple iPhone is best in all ways. Its costly but its worth it. Every feature of iPhone 14 is awesome Camera, speed, flawness, etc are more than expected. Battery if you use more screen time then it will last for 7-8 hrs if not using much or simple use then it will easily last for more then one day.  Go for it if you can afford instead of android.",
"Not sure how to check authenticity of the product",
"I gifted this to my wife she was really happy to see this phone and the blue colour is Amazing"
]
